# ProjektSem4
This are the codes to my projekt of VHDL 4th sem

## The project

Actual covid-19-restrictions require, the number of persons in a room must not exceed a specified maximal value. The range of this maximal value can be as low as ONE and as high as Xmax persons. It is assumed, there is only one doorway available to enter or to leave the room. Hence, only one person can either enter or leave the room. Along the doorway, there are three light-curtains/sensors to allow direction-tracking of possible visitors. The events "person entered room" and "person left room" must be identified by unique acoustic sound signals. The actual status must be made visible using two light emitting diodes (LEDs, green, red). Furthermore, these events, plus a unique timestamp, must be propagated to an external PC using a serial RS232- interface. Using three sensors, the number of people in a room as well as events like entering or leaving the room must be determined. A green signal indicates that a specified maximal number of e.g., Xmax people has not been reached. If that maximal number is reached, the green signal must be switched off and are warning signal is activated instead. Acoustic sound sequences indicate events like "Arrival", "Departure" and "STOP". A serial interface transfers these events and the actual number of people presently in the room to a PC. These serial- and audio-notifications must take place immediately after a person left or entered the room. Note: The acoustics will be implemented on a separate chip.
